More love
More power
More of you, Lord.
In my life.
It's really the longing each and every one of us have.
No it or not.
To have more of him,
And the truth that so many people miss is that
Worship is the gateway.
To experiencing that more.
You know, he's always present in his.
Fullness of love. and?
He's always present in the fullness of his power.
He's always
Present
To give us all there is of him in
All there is of us.
It's about us.
Opening ourselves to him
And worship does that.
There's a great example of this in the Bible, in the Old Testament narrative of when
Solomon built the temple that his father David had been promised, and.
Ultimately, they dedicated it.
And at that dedication,
They opened themselves up to God in a new way, and so they experienced God in his fullness.
In a new way.
Second Chronicles, Chapter five, Verses thirteen to fourteen, the trumpeters and musicians joined in unison to give praise and thanks to the Lord.
Accompanied by trumpets, cymbals, and other instruments, the singers raised their voices in praise to the Lord and sang, He is good,
His love endures forever.
And then,
Then after,
They had engaged in worship.
The Temple of the Lord was filled with the cloud, and the priests could not perform their service because of the cloud, for the glory of the Lord,
Filled the temple,
of God.
The truth is that genuinely
Worshipping.
leads to experiencing God's wonder and God's hope.
But we usually do it
Backwards.
we wait until we experience a great moment we wait until we experience some sunshine we wait until we experience the dream coming true the
The wish being engaged, the feelings.
motivating us and then we worship oh i feel great god it's in good times we say you're so good.
But that's not what brings about.
God's wonder and hope.
The the truth is that worship is not a response to our circumstances
That's worshiping our circumstances.
Love the sunshine. Love the mountaintop.
love my life right now so god you're okay too.
But that's not how it works.
Worship is not a response to our circumstances. Worship, true worship, genuine worship.
Is a response.
to God.
No matter what our circumstances
Humbling ourselves.
Opening our heart.
And acknowledging that he's great even though life might not be good right now.
Even though he's hope, even though might be.
Life might be just filled with despair right now.
Worship is a response to God.
No matter what our circumstances.
God.
Doesn't show up when we worship.
A lot of people think he shows up when we worship.
No.
He's always here.
when we worship we recognize his presence and here's what happens we open ourselves up
To him.
To his great work in our lives.
That's what worship is.
does.
Jesus said it in Matthew, Eighteen, twenty, for where two or three gather in my name,
There am I.
With them.
Together, humbling ourselves, acknowledging him,
Opening ourselves up.
All of a sudden, the...
The presence of his glory,
Becomes more real to us.
This is what happened in the book of Acts. And I love the book of Acts.
It's about what happened when Jesus ascended into heaven after
Providing the death, burial and resurrection for redemption, and.
And how he still worked through his people, his church, just like he's doing today. And,
There was a great outpouring of God's spirit. It's just like,
back in second chronicles you know how the cloud filled the temple and they couldn't even do ministry because of the glory of God well Acts 2 is like the same exact thing the Holy Spirit comes down
It totally consumes the people. It's just an amazing experience. And a lot of people get lost in Acts 2, but they don't realize that
that the church and its worship
Didn't happen in response to Acts two and the coming of God's glory and the coming of his spirit,
Acts two happened in response to worship.
in acts chapter one verse fourteen it says they all joined together constantly in prayer and realized life was not going well they had lost the one they had committed to following
Following, life was so much uncertainty and doubt and despair going on, and yet what did they do? They joined together constantly in prayer where two or three or more are gathered.
gathered in Jesus' name, whereas Jesus in the midst of
There they were.
And what happened in response to their worship?
The Holy Spirit's presence just
Fell.
Genuinely worshiping leads to experiencing God's wonder and hope. when I am losing God in my day-to-day,
It's not that God has gone somewhere. It's that I've stopped worshiping.
Have you been losing God in your day to day?
There's another truth that really becomes clear, and that's that genuinely worshiping, when we truly worship,
and when we truly experience god's wonder and hope that then leads us to passionately
Express it to others.
in other words when you experience
His life-changing hope, you can't help but share it with others. it's like when I was in high school and made a basket in basketball. man, I told every.
Told everybody in the world it only happened once in my entire career, so I told people about it.
it's like you know we tell everybody when.
Wonderful stuff is going on, and yet isn't it interesting how many people claim to be Christians, claim to be followers of Jesus, claim to know him, claim to have been changed.
Changed by him.
Who never
Tell.
Anyone.
They just stay silent.
They hide it.
The world doesn't want to hear it. You know, when something transformative happens to me, I don't care if people want to hear it or not. I just tell them anyway.
And that's what we should be doing as believers.
If Jesus has genuinely changed our lives with his wonder and his hope, if we are genuine worshipers, we shouldn't be able to
Keep it broken.
Inquiet. Quiet.
That's what happened in Second Chronicles, after God filled the Temple with His glory, and they recognized His presence.
In second chronicles six it starts this way then solomon said and you should read what he said he talks about the majesty of god the glory of god he he
He talks about how God is faithful to his promises. the very temple they were standing in was the fulfillment of God's faithful promise. and he couldn't help.
But express
The wonder, because he had experienced God's presence,
That's exactly what happened in the book of Acts.
God's spirit came down, they experienced God's wonder, and they couldn't stop talking about it. In fact, Acts 2:11 says, "We hear them declaring the wonders of God in our own tongues."
What it's saying is that every single person there heard them declaring the wonders of God in their own language. Supernaturally, God gave them the ability to speak languages they had
they had never gone to high school to learn. And they couldn't stop talking about the wonder of God, but the point isn't the languages.
The point is, they had experienced the wonder of God,
and they couldn't help but tell everybody about it. that's where we should be.
That's what it should be like.
I think the application to an experience like we're having right now is that if we genuinely desire to know God's hope, then
we should know that we have to personally experience the wonders of god.
Which starts with worship.
And just it's available for you.
Jeremiah twenty nine, thirteen says that you will seek me and find me.
When you seek me with all your heart you see there's worship again all you have to do is open all of your heart to him
And you'll find him? Have you done that?
In Romans chapter 10 verse 13 it says, "Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord."
Will be saved.
Everyone.
I know a lot of us have done a lot of messed up stuff. A lot of us are far away. We've fallen. We've failed.
Humans have told us that there's no hope for us, but they're wrong. That's wrong. Your failure is not final. Jesus' hope is for real. And all you have to do is open your
Open your heart, call on his name, and he'll save you. Do it.
Do it.
And if we genuinely desire to know God's hope, then once we experience the wonders of God,
We have to relevantly express the wonders of God to others.
In Acts chapter 1 verse 8, God tells us that's what should happen when you receive the power and the Holy Spirit comes on you. When you experience the glory of God, Jesus is saying,
is saying, you will be, not you might be, you can choose to be. If you experience the wonder of God, you will express it. You'll be my witnesses in all of the world.
And that's
What changed their world?
And that's what can change our world. It's time we stop complaining about how messed up our world is, and we start looking to the God of wonder and let him.
Him fill us and then speak him to the world and we can change this planet
And then one last truth.
As we continue to experience and express God's wonders,
and God's hope.
It will always lead to God's blessing.
Always.
You see, we start in the wrong place again.
we seek god for his blessings. that's not how it works.
we need to seek god.
Because he's God.
And we so desperately need him, and then we experience his wonders, and then we share his wonders with others so they can know that hope, and out of that,
That.
Then come.
His blessing. Second Chronicles, chapter six, again, after the glory of God filled the temple,
it says while the whole assembly of israel was just standing there
It's then that King Solomon turned around
And bless them.
God wants to pour his blessings into your life
But it starts.
with worship.
Let's do that together right now.